#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requierements.in
#
association-metrics==0.0.1
    # via -r requierements.in
category-encoders==2.5.1.post0
    # via -r requierements.in
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via sqlalchemy
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.1rc2
    # via
    #   pandas-flavor
    #   pyjanitor
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
missingno==0.5.1
    # via -r requierements.in
multipledispatch==0.6.0
    # via pyjanitor
natsort==8.2.0
    # via pyjanitor
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   wordcloud
    #   xarray
    #   xgboost
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via -r requierements.in
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   statsmodels
    #   xarray
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requierements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   pandas-flavor
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   xarray
pandas-flavor==0.3.0
    # via pyjanitor
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   wordcloud
pyjanitor==0.24.0
    # via -r requierements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.6
    # via pandas
scikit-learn==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requierements.in
    #   category-encoders
scipy==1.9.3
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   missingno
    #   pyjanitor
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requierements.in
    #   missingno
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   multipledispatch
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.4.44
    # via -r requierements.in
statsmodels==0.13.5
    # via category-encoders
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
wordcloud==1.8.2.2
    # via -r requierements.in
xarray==2022.12.0
    # via pandas-flavor
xgboost==1.7.2
    # via -r requierements.in
